com/folioreader/model/dictionary/Example.java
 com.folioreader.model.dictionary.Example
com/folioreader/util/UiUtil.java
 com.folioreader.util.UiUtil
com/folioreader/model/sqlite/FolioDatabaseHelper.java
 com.folioreader.model.sqlite.FolioDatabaseHelper
com/folioreader/model/sqlite/HighLightTable.java
 com.folioreader.model.sqlite.HighLightTable
com/folioreader/ui/adapter/FolioPageFragmentAdapter.java
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.FolioPageFragmentAdapter
com/folioreader/model/event/UpdateHighlightEvent.java
 com.folioreader.model.event.UpdateHighlightEvent
com/folioreader/model/event/MediaOverlaySpeedEvent.java
 com.folioreader.model.event.MediaOverlaySpeedEvent
 com.folioreader.model.event.MediaOverlaySpeedEvent$Speed
com/folioreader/model/dictionary/Dictionary.java
 com.folioreader.model.dictionary.Dictionary
com/folioreader/ui/base/WikipediaTask.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.WikipediaTask
com/folioreader/ui/adapter/DictionaryAdapter.java
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.DictionaryAdapter
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.DictionaryAdapter$DictionaryHolder
com/folioreader/Font.java
 com.folioreader.Font
com/folioreader/util/ScreenUtils.java
 com.folioreader.util.ScreenUtils
com/folioreader/model/event/RewindIndexEvent.java
 com.folioreader.model.event.RewindIndexEvent
com/folioreader/ui/view/StyleableTextView.java
 com.folioreader.ui.view.StyleableTextView
com/folioreader/model/event/MediaOverlayPlayPauseEvent.java
 com.folioreader.model.event.MediaOverlayPlayPauseEvent
com/folioreader/util/ReadLocatorListener.java
 com.folioreader.util.ReadLocatorListener
com/folioreader/model/dictionary/Pronunciations.java
 com.folioreader.model.dictionary.Pronunciations
com/folioreader/Config.java
 com.folioreader.Config
 com.folioreader.Config$1
 com.folioreader.Config$AllowedDirection
 com.folioreader.Config$Direction
com/folioreader/ui/base/HtmlTask.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.HtmlTask
com/folioreader/ui/view/LoadingView.java
 com.folioreader.ui.view.LoadingView
 com.folioreader.ui.view.LoadingView$1
 com.folioreader.ui.view.LoadingView$2
 com.folioreader.ui.view.LoadingView$3
 com.folioreader.ui.view.LoadingView$4
 com.folioreader.ui.view.LoadingView$5
com/folioreader/model/dictionary/Wikipedia.java
 com.folioreader.model.dictionary.Wikipedia
com/folioreader/model/event/AnchorIdEvent.java
 com.folioreader.model.event.AnchorIdEvent
com/folioreader/util/HighlightUtil.java
 com.folioreader.util.HighlightUtil
com/folioreader/model/event/MediaOverlayHighlightStyleEvent.java
 com.folioreader.model.event.MediaOverlayHighlightStyleEvent
 com.folioreader.model.event.MediaOverlayHighlightStyleEvent$Style
com/folioreader/util/ProgressDialog.java
 com.folioreader.util.ProgressDialog
com/folioreader/mediaoverlay/MediaControllerCallbacks.java
 com.folioreader.mediaoverlay.MediaControllerCallbacks
com/folioreader/mediaoverlay/MediaController.java
 com.folioreader.mediaoverlay.MediaController
 com.folioreader.mediaoverlay.MediaController$1
 com.folioreader.mediaoverlay.MediaController$2
 com.folioreader.mediaoverlay.MediaController$2$1
 com.folioreader.mediaoverlay.MediaController$2$1$1
 com.folioreader.mediaoverlay.MediaController$3
 com.folioreader.mediaoverlay.MediaController$MediaType
com/folioreader/FolioReader.java
 com.folioreader.FolioReader
 com.folioreader.FolioReader$1
 com.folioreader.FolioReader$2
 com.folioreader.FolioReader$3
 com.folioreader.FolioReader$OnClosedListener
com/folioreader/ui/fragment/TableOfContentFragment.java
 com.folioreader.ui.fragment.TableOfContentFragment
com/folioreader/util/SharedPreferenceUtil.java
 com.folioreader.util.SharedPreferenceUtil
com/folioreader/model/sqlite/DbAdapter.java
 com.folioreader.model.sqlite.DbAdapter
com/folioreader/model/dictionary/Audio.java
 com.folioreader.model.dictionary.Audio
com/folioreader/util/FileUtil.java
 com.folioreader.util.FileUtil
com/folioreader/ui/activity/ContentHighlightActivity.java
 com.folioreader.ui.activity.ContentHighlightActivity
 com.folioreader.ui.activity.ContentHighlightActivity$1
 com.folioreader.ui.activity.ContentHighlightActivity$2
 com.folioreader.ui.activity.ContentHighlightActivity$3
com/folioreader/ui/view/UnderlinedTextView.java
 com.folioreader.ui.view.UnderlinedTextView
com/folioreader/model/event/ReloadDataEvent.java
 com.folioreader.model.event.ReloadDataEvent
com/folioreader/network/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.folioreader.network.TLSSocketFactory
com/folioreader/model/dictionary/DictionaryResults.java
 com.folioreader.model.dictionary.DictionaryResults
com/folioreader/ui/adapter/TOCAdapter.java
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.TOCAdapter
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.TOCAdapter$TOCCallback
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.TOCAdapter$TOCRowViewHolder
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.TOCAdapter$TOCRowViewHolder$1
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.TOCAdapter$TOCRowViewHolder$2
com/folioreader/ui/fragment/DictionaryFragment.java
 com.folioreader.ui.fragment.DictionaryFragment
 com.folioreader.ui.fragment.DictionaryFragment$1
 com.folioreader.ui.fragment.DictionaryFragment$2
 com.folioreader.ui.fragment.DictionaryFragment$3
 com.folioreader.ui.fragment.DictionaryFragment$4
com/folioreader/ui/base/DictionaryCallBack.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.DictionaryCallBack
com/folioreader/model/TOCLinkWrapper.java
 com.folioreader.model.TOCLinkWrapper
com/folioreader/ui/view/VerticalSeekbar.java
 com.folioreader.ui.view.VerticalSeekbar
com/folioreader/ui/base/OnSaveHighlight.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.OnSaveHighlight
com/folioreader/model/dictionary/Senses.java
 com.folioreader.model.dictionary.Senses
 com.folioreader.model.dictionary.Senses$DefinitionDeserializer
com/folioreader/ui/adapter/HighlightAdapter.java
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$1
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$1$1
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$2
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$3
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$4
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$5
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$5$1
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$HighLightAdapterCallback
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.HighlightAdapter$HighlightHolder
com/folioreader/ui/view/DirectionalViewpager.java
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$1
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$2
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$3
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$4
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$Decor
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$Direction
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$ItemInfo
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$LayoutParams
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$MyAccessibilityDelegate
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$OnAdapterChangeListener
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$OnPageChangeListener
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$PageTransformer
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$PagerObserver
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$SavedState
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$SavedState$1
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener
 com.folioreader.ui.view.DirectionalViewpager$ViewPositionComparator
com/folioreader/util/SMILParser.java
 com.folioreader.util.SMILParser
com/folioreader/model/HighlightImpl.java
 com.folioreader.model.HighlightImpl
 com.folioreader.model.HighlightImpl$1
 com.folioreader.model.HighlightImpl$2
 com.folioreader.model.HighlightImpl$HighlightStyle
com/folioreader/model/sqlite/DictionaryTable.java
 com.folioreader.model.sqlite.DictionaryTable
com/folioreader/Constants.java
 com.folioreader.Constants
com/folioreader/ui/fragment/HighlightFragment.java
 com.folioreader.ui.fragment.HighlightFragment
 com.folioreader.ui.fragment.HighlightFragment$1
com/folioreader/ui/activity/FolioActivityCallback.java
 com.folioreader.ui.activity.FolioActivityCallback
com/folioreader/ui/base/BaseMvpView.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.BaseMvpView
com/folioreader/ui/base/WikipediaCallBack.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.WikipediaCallBack
com/folioreader/util/OnHighlightListener.java
 com.folioreader.util.OnHighlightListener
com/folioreader/model/HighLight.java
 com.folioreader.model.HighLight
 com.folioreader.model.HighLight$HighLightAction
com/folioreader/ui/base/DictionaryTask.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.DictionaryTask
com/folioreader/util/ObjectMapperSingleton.java
 com.folioreader.util.ObjectMapperSingleton
com/folioreader/ui/base/SaveReceivedHighlightTask.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.SaveReceivedHighlightTask
com/folioreader/ui/base/HtmlUtil.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.HtmlUtil
com/folioreader/model/media_overlay/OverlayItems.java
 com.folioreader.model.media_overlay.OverlayItems
 com.folioreader.model.media_overlay.OverlayItems$1
com/folioreader/model/event/WebViewPosition.java
 com.folioreader.model.event.WebViewPosition
com/folioreader/util/MultiLevelExpIndListAdapter.java
 com.folioreader.util.MultiLevelExpIndListAdapter
 com.folioreader.util.MultiLevelExpIndListAdapter$ExpIndData
com/folioreader/ui/adapter/FontAdapter.java
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.FontAdapter
 com.folioreader.ui.adapter.FontAdapter$ViewHolder
com/folioreader/ui/base/HtmlTaskCallback.java
 com.folioreader.ui.base.HtmlTaskCallback
com/folioreader/util/StyleableTextView.java
 com.folioreader.util.StyleableTextView
com/folioreader/BuildConfig.java
 com.folioreader.BuildConfig
com/folioreader/AppContext.java
 com.folioreader.AppContext
